Within the blockchain
ecosystem, gaming is
a very significant and growing
portion of the business.
Gaming and esports is
a really important
potential application
for blockchain technology.
In fact, gaming companies
have been creating
digital assets for
a very long time.
So one could argue
that blockchain is
just a natural step
in their evolution.
Using blockchain, gamers can
create their own
virtual characters,
profiles, items or resources
for use within the game.
This can transform
the user experience.
In addition, blockchain
and tokens give
users a new way to monetize
as they play games.
Players can also buy
digital assets to use
across games using
cryptocurrency.
Within the gaming space of
the blockchain ecosystem,
gambling and
prediction markets is
another potentially
significant application.
Blockchain casinos
exist, they allow
anyone to become a member
of their casino.
Here, the users can
potentially share funding
of the casino and
shares of profits.
In fact, some blockchain
companies even use oracles or
predictors to create
what's known as
a prediction market about
the outcome of an event.
A final and very interesting
potential application for
blockchain in the gaming world
is in virtual reality.
Virtual reality companies are
working to use blockchain
to power an economy of
tradable digital assets,
and blockchain can be
leveraged to create
holographic avatars for use
within the virtual reality game.